Next on PIJN News, Dr. Chaps reports on these important issues.
A new poll confirms that most people who vote Democrat don't believe in God, but most Republicans do.
Eight states could vote on abortion issues in 2026, and Roger wrote with capital faith.
Former Navy chaplain, Gordon James Klingenschmitt, took a stand to defend religious freedom by daring to pray publicly in Jesus' name.
Now he helps you by reporting the news, discerning the spirits, and praying the scriptures.
Would you pray with us?
Here's Dr. Chaps.
God bless you in Jesus' name.
My name is Chaplain Gordon James Klingenschmitt, Dr. Chaps, and you're watching PIJN News.
On this show, we like to do three things.
We report the news, we discern the spirits, and we pray these scriptures in Jesus' name.
Are you ready to pray the news with us?
Here's our first story.
Life News reports a Pew Research poll now confirms what inherently we seem to have already known.
Most Democrats who vote Democrat don't believe in God anymore.
That's a majority.
Republicans, however, most of them do believe in God.
Republicans are significantly more religious than Democrats on key measures of faith, according to the poll.
And those measures of faith include whether or not you believe in God, whether or not you engage in daily prayer, or whether or not you regularly go to church.
The study highlights the stark partisan divides in American spirituality and politics.
Overall, the findings are that 66% of Republicans believe in God with absolute certainty.
compared to 41% of Democrats do believe in God with absolute certainty, but it's a minority of them.
Republicans are almost also more likely to pray on a daily basis.
52% of Republicans do pray every day compared to 35% of Democrats who do pray every day, but it's a minority of them.
Nearly half of Republicans, 48%, say religion is very important in their lives.
Very important.
Only 28% of Democrats feel like religion is very important in their lives.
On worship attendance, 41% of Republicans go to religious services, at least monthly, if not more often, 41% of Republicans.
And that's double the number of Democrats.
Only 24% go to church.
at least monthly.
Pew research combined these metrics into a religious scale that scored from zero to eight, and Republicans on that scale scored about twice as likely as Democrats to score highly on the scale of religiousness.
Democrats are twice as likely to score low on the scale of religiousness.
The partisan gap persists even when accounting for racial and ethnic differences.
All those are different pattern when you factor race into the political parties.
For example, three quarters of black Democrats, 75% believe in God with absolute certainty.
And that rings true, right?
The people of African American
experience they probably vote democrat and they're probably christians and go to church so they're an exception compared with forty eight percent of hispanic democrats now here's where it drops off significantly white or asian democrats only twenty nine percent believe in god with absolute certainty it's the white people that are eight years it's the asians which i understand maybe they come from asia or china uh... japan
that their ancestors weren't really Christian, but the liberal white people have forgotten their faith.
That's what I'm reading in this.
While Democrats are the least religious of all, just 26% in that category, white Democrats that is, white Democrats, 26% believe in God with absolute certainty.
That data was collected by a nationally representative survey of more than 35,000 U.S. adults.
So margin of error is almost nothing.
It does represent us statistically.
That's the news for thanks to Pew Research and LifeNews.com for that report.
You know, back in 1999, I wrote my master's thesis.
You can find it on Amazon.
It's out of print, but it's called License to Sim.
The number one reason America is losing its moral foundation.
And we examined the theological underpinnings of the Antinomian heresy and how people at that time could call themselves Christian and be sleeping with their wife's neighbor, right?
Their neighbor's wife.
So there was a hypocrisy that was polling at the time and I identified that in chapter three.
We found that Christians in 1999 were lukewarm.
They called themselves Christian, but their behavior was the opposite.
Now that's changing.
What I predicted and what became true, you can go but read it.
I gave this prediction that in the long run, America would no longer be in the hypocritical, hypocritical middle that we would shift, that there would be a polarizing that the Christian church would become more holy, more righteous, not politically, but
Actually with our moral behavior, we would obey the commands of God and become more Christians, more Christ-like.
And that the Left or the Atheists would stop pretending to follow Christ and actually begin to follow secularism or Satan more openly.
And isn't that happening in society?
There's been a great divide.
There's no longer, you can't sit on the fence anymore.
You're with Christ or you're against Christ.
The Bible describes it in Ecclesiastes 10, a wise man's heart tends to the right hand, but a fool's heart tends to the left.
So if you have wisdom, fellow Christ, if you're a fool, go ahead and vote Democrat.
Let's take a short break.
When we come back, eight states could vote on whether to ban abortion in 2026.
This is PIJN News, defending your religious freedom.
Dr. Chaps will be right back.
Dr. Gordon Klingensmith, a former Navy chaplain, court marshaled for praying in Jesus' name, has written an impactful book for such a time as this, How to Liberate the World, a step-by-step guide to taking our country back.
This book outlines 30 proven strategies for making changes in the world for good and not evil.
Dr. Klingschmidt's personal story and the success stories of 15 other patriots who created real change will inspire you and give you hope for a better future.
You too can be a world changer.
Order your copy of how to liberate the world today and we will include Dr. Klingschmidt's DVD set, how to become an effective Christian activist.
Dr. Cleansman also wants to send you a commemorative prayer coin with the image of our president to remind you to keep him and our country in your prayers.
To take advantage of the special TV offer, call the number on your screen or go online to PrayInJesusName.org.
They told me, don't give away the store, Dr. Chaps.
No, I'm giving away the store.
Today we're going to show you how to get $500 worth of our teaching
videos normally sold on DVD for $500, instead just $10 a month online.
We have a new feature on our website, PrayInJesusName.org, called the Persuaders Club.
It's based on Thanksgiving and $5 million there for the terror of the Lord, we persuade men.
You can join the Persuaders Club today at three different levels.
For four bucks a month, as a regular sponsor, you get secret back-end news access to the videos that are too hot for YouTube.
For $10 a month, or $9.99, we're going to give you all of our teaching series, the discerning of spirits, the coming apocalypse.
10 different teaching series normally sells for $500 just $10 a month when you join at the premium level.
Or for a one-time donation of $1,000, you can have a lifetime exit.
Join the Persuaders Club today, visit frayinjesusname.org.
I'm Dr. Chaps.
We want you to sign a petition today to stand with Israel.
They are under such attack with Arabs and Muslims killing Jews.
But here is the Bible territory that God promised to the Israeli and Jewish people.
Even in 1993, in the Oslo Accords, Yasser Arafat agreed.
These are the current borders of Israel and it's their land.
Let's sign that petition.
PrayinJesusName.org.
Again, prayinJesusName.org.
Sign it today.
Defending your religious freedom.
Here is Dr. Chaps.
Welcome back.
I'm Dr. Chaps.
Our next story comes from LifeNews.com, who is now reporting that eight states in America could have abortion on the ballot as ballot initiatives in the 2026 November elections.
Pro-life advocates are bracing for a pivotal battle in 2026, according to Life News.
As voters in eight states prepare to weigh in on ballot measures that could either
safeguard legal protections for the unborn, or create a fake right to kill babies and abortions.
Some measures are good, some measures are bad.
You got to look it up if you're in one of these states, but let's go through them.
Two measures are already certified to be on the ballot next November 3rd, 2026, and six others are advancing toward the ballot.
Let's start with Missouri.
In Missouri, the pro-life amendment three
stands certified after republican lawmakers referred the constitutional amendment to the repeal the twenty twenty four voter approved pro abortion measure in missouri the voters had already enshrined abroad right to reproductive freedom to kill your child which included abortion up to viability another state navada has on its
uh, ballot initiative, question number six, which was certified after passing its first vote in 2024.
Now returns for a second required approval to embed the fundamental right to abortion in the state constitution up until fetal viability, which is typically around 21 weeks.
If you make it to week 22 babies, you might be safe in Nevada.
Another state, Idaho,
says the reproductive freedom and privacy measure, which was initiated state statute has cleared early hurdles and is gathering enough signatures to potentially appear on the ballot for the people to affirm, aiming to overturn the state's abortion ban and establishing the so-called right to abortion in Idaho.
In Montana, the proposed definition of person amendment, advanced by Republican lawmakers in the House during the 2025,
legislative session in Montana, seeks now to amend the Constitution to define a person as beginning at fertilization or conception.
This effectively grants legal protections to the unborn.
So I would vote yes if you live in Montana.
Nebraska's potential establishment of personhood in the preborn children amendment.
as an initiated constitutional amendment led by the group Choose Life Now in the early stages of ballot qualification process to define a preborn child as a person in the state of Nebraska's Constitution.
That would effectively ban abortions from conception with a very few limited exceptions.
In the West Coast state of Oregon, with the signature deadline in July of 2026, abortion advocates
pro-death groups are circulating petitions to amend the constitution by affirming a right to kill babies and abortions on the east coast virginia is considering a right to reproductive freedom amendment it was approved as first legislative passage by democrats in january twenty five now it's advancing for a second vote in the twenty twenty six session of the virginia assembly
that could embed a right to reproductive freedom in the Constitution and allow abortions all the way up to birth in the state.
And finally, our home state of Colorado, or I served as a Republican legislature in the State House, is now gathering petitions, pro-life advocates, and my friends in Colorado are gathering petitions, and they're before the Colorado Supreme Court,
with the so-called right to be born amendment that states as follows, quote, children have the right to continue living from the moment they are conceived.
End quote.
That's the news.
Our thanks to lifenews.com.
The Bible says this in Deuteronomy 30, all you states out there, you're having a choice between life and death.
And that choice comes from God.
God says, this day,
I call upon the heavens and the earth as witnesses against you, that I have set before you life and death, blessings and curses.
Now choose life that you and your children may live.
Let us pray.
Father in heaven, as you give us the choice between life and death, we do choose life and we vote for the measures that will protect innocent children and we vote against
the measures that would kill innocent children, and Jesus we pray that you become the Lord of our laws.
In all 50 states in Jesus' name, amen.
Let's take a short break.
When we come back, Roger Rosen is with Capitol Faith.
You know, I've been doing a lot of praying, and for years I've been teaching about the baptism in the Holy Spirit.
Now what really happened on the day of Pentecost in Acts chapter two?
Why did the disciples receive the power from God to do Christian ministry?
And how can you experience the baptism in the Holy Spirit for your own power ministry?
This is a five-part teaching newly available.
We just put this out.
Part one is the baptism in the Holy Spirit, how to receive the power of God in your life.
Then we go into part two, the power gifts of the Holy Spirit,
Part three is every instance we could find of speaking in tongues throughout church history.
It's not an old gift, it's for you today.
And also we have interviews with Charles Johnson and Lana Heitley.
I want to encourage you to get this product when you visit our website, PrayInJesusName.org.
Click on the online bookstore at the top of the page, PrayInJesusName.org, available for a suggested donation of $30.
or you can call us at 866-ObeyGod.
Again, that's 866-O-B-E-Y-G-O-D.
This is a topic that in the last century was responsible for up to 800 million Christians around the world experiencing the gift of tongues in their own private prayer life.
How can you have powerful intercession in your prayer life with God?
This will energize you as a Christian and it's all Bible-based.
This is
real step-by-step instruction through the scriptures.
We want you to have the baptism in the Holy Spirit.
Before you even begin to experience that, it might be important if you learn what the Bible says about that gift.
Again, yours today for a suggested donation of $30, get this product today at PrayInJesusName.org, operators standing by at 866-ObeyGod.
I'm Dr. Chaps.
You know, Jesus taught the parable about sowing the seed.
And you don't want to waste it.
You want it to grow with 30, 60, 100-fold for the kingdom of Jesus Christ.
I'll tell you three mission areas that we're doing here at Pray in Jesus' Name.
I think our charity does more with less than any other charity I know.
We are fertile seed.
For example, number one, we pray in millions of television homes every day.
or every weekend on eight networks, we have 2.5 billion home TV impressions every month.
In the second area, we feed orphans and children.
In some of the poorest slums overseas, we're building a new vocational school, we're digging wells, and we're serving the poor when you give to pray in Jesus' name.
Number three, we defend religious freedom.
Especially for our troops and our chaplains, we've now helped send five million petitions to Congress,
We've helped change bad laws or policies in 13 states and four times in federal law.
You know my story.
As a former Navy chaplain, standing up for the right to pray in Jesus' name and defending religious freedom.
Would you donate today?
In fact, we want you to come up monthly pledge sponsor.
When you visit PrayInJesusName.org, on the right side, click the monthly pledge sponsor button at PrayInJesusName.org.
Your monthly gift will help change the world in Jesus' name.
Empowering you the grassroots activist.
Here is Dr. Chaps.
Welcome back.
I'm Dr. Chaps.
We're at the ICOM conference in Atlanta, Georgia.
I'm joined by my new friend, Roger Roseberry, who is with Capital Faith.
Roger, welcome to the program.
Thank you.
Appreciate it.
So tell me about Capital Faith.
So we are a ministry that goes to Washington, D.C., and we present a gospel to members of Congress, their staff, and the Capitol Hill community.
We are there to present Jesus.
We are not lobbyists.
So we don't talk policy.
We are strictly there to show them who Christ is and plan as many seeds as we can for the Lord.
So have you met with congressmen?
Yes, sir.
We've met with several congressmen and some of our staffers.
The unique thing is there's so many people that work on Capitol Hill that we get to meet with Capitol Hill police officers, custodians.
people that work in the cafeterias.
So it's a broad variety of people that we get to present the gospel to.
And what are they expecting?
Let's say there's a real US congressman or senator and they accept a meeting request which is hard to get sometimes.
They're busy people.
But you have 20 minutes to get their attention.
What do you say?
So we walk in and normally they're going to start talking to us and ask us what we're doing and explain what kind of day they're having.
And basically what we do is we just
with them, find out how we can minister to their office and how we can help them.
A lot of times it is just sitting there just listening to them, letting them talk.
Sometimes we feel that we pray with them, minister to them, and it's just them getting to know us.
Because as you can imagine in Washington DC, trust is a hard thing to come by.
So they just want to make sure that we're who we say we are.
Are we there to
truly just love on them and be present.
And that's what we do.
We talk about who we are, what we do, and then we listen.
And we let them tell us how we can pray for them and how we can minister to them, their families, and their office.
So I was a chaplain in the Navy, and sometimes that ministry of presence is the best you can hope for.
Yes.
Right?
They don't trust you yet.
They don't know why you're there.
Maybe you're going to ask them for something, but you don't ask them for anything.
You just say, we're here to pray with you when you need that.
Yes, sir.
And a lot of times they open up their hearts and they tell what a rotten day they had and how they need prayer for their family or something's going on back home.
You're really in a vulnerable space with them when you earn their trust.
You are very much so.
And here's the thing.
When people talk to you about their issues or what they want prayer for, that's between you and them and God.
And for us, we take that very seriously.
For instance, if we have people that come up and visit with us, the one thing we tell them, do not ask for photos, do not ask for anything.
We're not here for a photo.
We don't want them ever to see us coming and be like, oh, here, they want something else.
We solely are there to love on them and present Christ, present the gospel.
And sometimes you're just in an elevator.
and somebody walks in the elevator and you just say, how's your day go?
How has today been?
And they'll tell you, you know, and there's been opportunities where I've had to pray in the elevator.
Well, you know, because like you said, if they see you once every six months, it doesn't mean much.
But when they see you every week they're there, they do, they start to trust you, they start to see, okay, he's here, and then they open up to you.
Do you have any endorsements from big power brokers or do you avoid that?
I stay away from
the limelight as much as possible.
Do we have people on the floor, on the house that support us?
Absolutely.
But I try not to get involved with anything other than what we're doing, because I don't want to take away from it.
And I'm human.
I don't want to let myself get caught up in anything other than presenting the gospel.
And sometimes I think you can get too big, too fast, and you forget why you're there.
And I never want to forget why I'm there.
Roger is an interesting man.
He's a unique kind of person that works in the capital, the power center of the globe, let's just say.
But he's not there for power.
He's not there for money.
He's not there for photo ops or even publicity.
We're trying to give you publicity here.
But you're very humble about it.
What is the gospel of Jesus Christ?
Why do you do this?
There's somebody out there watching who doesn't know Jesus.
Would you talk to them?
Well, for me,
It was like I was in the lowest place.
But somebody shared who Christ was.
And for me, it's understanding that here's a man who was God also, who left his God state, came down to be a human and was tortured, punished, and killed for me.
Why would you not tell people about that?
Because without Him, there's no telling where I'd be.
I wouldn't be here.
I wouldn't be talking to you.
Because before we're saved, before we come to know Christ, you don't really get to see how bad you are.
Because the devil puts you right around people that are a little worse than you, which makes you not feel so bad.
But once the Lord took a hold of my heart and I gave my life to Him,
He opened the eyes.
He's like, man, I was not a good person.
I should not be here.
I should not be there.
So I'll tell people that are searching.
I never felt freer than the day I accepted Christ because everything that was pounding on me and hitting on me, it was gone.
And I had somebody that I could turn to regardless of the situation.
And he would listen and he would just
love me for me.
And then he puts people in your path.
You know, it's funny how the Lord wants you to accept him.
He's always putting people right when you need him.
Wow.
You know, you may not even see it coming.
You don't even realize that you need that person.
But the Lord knew before I was born and on that day I was going to need that person.
And the Lord knew that
Somebody out there would be watching this program on their television in their living room, not expecting to hear from you today.
Would you just talk into the camera and just offer to pray with them?
Maybe you could close our interview with the word of prayer.
Absolutely.
So, whatever you're going through, the Lord is there.
You can always turn to Him.
You can give Him everything.
You don't have to hide anything because He sees it all anyway.
So I want to pray for y'all.
If there's anything that you need, lift it up to the Lord as I'm praying.
Let him know you need him.
If you don't know the Lord, don't let today go by without coming to know him in this prayer.
Our Heavenly Father Lord, thank you for this time.
Thank you for the privilege of being here.
Lord, whoever's watching this, I'm going to lift them up to you now.
Lord, there's somebody hurting in dire straits, looking for you.
Lord, I ask that you would just send something to them.
Draw them to you, Lord.
Let today be the day they accept you as their Lord and Savior.
Lord, watch over them, protect them.
Lord, we thank You for watching over us and being with us.
Lord, most of we thank You for dying for us.
And Lord, just be with them, watch over them.
You're precious name.
Amen.
Our guest has been Roger Roseberry.
Their website is capitalfaithministries.com.
Capitalfaith.com.
capitalfaith.com.
And that's with the T-O-L capitalfaith.com.
Roger, it's great to meet you.
Thanks for coming on the program.
Yes, sir.
Thank you.
I'm Dr. Chaps.
Let's continue in a spirit of prayer.
We want you to support capitalfaith.com today.
And if you need prayer or if you just prayed with him, we want you to call us right now toll free at 866-Obey-God.
Again, that's 866-O-B-E-Y-G-O-D.
Operators are standing by during business hours to pray with you and confirm your decision for Christ.
Call us right now at 866-Obey-God.
We'll see you next time.
Dr. Chaps need your financial support to stay on the air.
Would you please send your best financial donation today?
Please visit PrayInJesusName.org to donate online.
Or you can mail a check to PrayInJesusName Ministries, post office box 77077, Colorado Springs, Colorado 80970.
You can also call us toll free right now, 866-Obey-God.
That's 866-O-B-E-Y-G-O-D.
Please sign up for our free emails at PrayInJesusName.org.
Again, that's PrayInJesusName.org.